Update desktop-report-lifecycle-datasets.md (#4517)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/connect-data/desktop-report-lifecycle-datasets.md

- Only users with Build permission for a dataset can connect to a published dataset by using the Power BI service live connection.
- Free users only see datasets that are in their **My Workspace** and in Premium-based workspaces.

> - Because this connection is live, left navigation and modeling are disabled. The behavior is similar to a SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) connection. However, composite models in Power BI makes it possible to combine data from different sources. For more information, see [Use composite models in Power BI Desktop](../connect-data/desktop-directquery-datasets-azure-analysis-services.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because this connection is live, left navigation and modeling are disabled. The behavior is similar to a SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) connection. However, composite models in Power BI makes it possible to combine data from different sources. For more information, see [Use composite models in Power BI Desktop](../transform-model/desktop-composite-models.md).
```
Fixing link target to match article title
